[DOCS] Replaces outdated integration guides with redirects to versioned documentation (#8173)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/integrations/integration_datahub.md

sidebar_custom_props: { icon: 'img/integrations/datahub_icon.png' }
---

> DataHub is a modern data catalog built to enable end-to-end data discovery, observability, and governance.  DataHub is built on an extensible metadata platform that helps manage the complexity of diverse and evolving data ecosystems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataHub is a modern data catalog built to enable end-to-end data discovery, observability, and governance.  DataHub is built on an extensible metadata platform that helps manage the complexity of diverse and evolving data ecosystems.
```

Just an aside - I'm not sure why we're explaining what the applications are and why they are helpful. I would suggest that all that is required is a link to the source documentation. Your call.

:::info 

> Consult [DataHub's metadata ingestion documentation for GX](https://datahubproject.io/docs/metadata-ingestion/integration_docs/great-expectations)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [DataHub's metadata ingestion documentation for GX](https://datahubproject.io/docs/metadata-ingestion/integration_docs/great-expectations)
```

> for more information on how to set up and configure DataHub's `DataHubValidationAction` for GX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for more information on setting up and configuring `DataHubValidationAction` for GX.
```
